Include version format change (#3741)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.0.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

> `bal dist pull 2201.0.0`

> Version format has been revised, 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake) represents the format of `$YYMM.$UPDATE.$PATCH ($CODE_NAME)`. For further information please refer [previous blog post](https://blog.ballerina.io/posts/ballerina-swan-lake-is-on-the-horizon/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version format has been revised. `2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)` represents the format of `$YYMM.$UPDATE.$PATCH ($CODE_NAME)`. 

For further information, see [Ballerina Swan Lake is on the Horizon](https://blog.ballerina.io/posts/ballerina-swan-lake-is-on-the-horizon/).
```
